README.md, before:

Sharp Beginnings
===============

Introduction to Computer Programming using F#, taught through weekly lunchbag sessions. Assignments and tests to come in the form of specflow acceptance tests.

Please keep in mind that this is a course for beginners.

Curriculum
---------------

*Note*: This is still in flux. More specflow/workshop assignments needed.

Part 1: Programming basics
- Numbers (integers, floating point numbers)
- Collections (Arrays, Tuples, List, Dictionary)
- Strings (String manipulation)
- Boolean logic (conditionals)
- Mutable vs Immutable
- Looping

Part 2: Applied F#
- Functions (Higher Order Functions)
- Pattern matching
- Type Providers (parsing JSON, CSV, other format)
- Network communication (REST, SOAP, WMQ)

Part 3: Testing with F#
- Unit Testing
- Testing a website: Canopy & TickSpec with F#
- Testing a SOAP endpoint
- Testing a Messaging endpoint
- Testing a REST endpoint
- Connecting to databases (Oracle, Sql Server)
- File I/O

Part 4: Advanced F#
- Recursion
- Currying
- FAKE (Make for F#)
- Threading
 
Workshop
---------

For Part 1:
- Sorting
- String Deduplication
- Fibonacci
- Christmas tree problem

Assignments
------------
- Fizz buzz
- Christmas tree problem

For assignments, look at:
- coursera scala classes
- SICP book (CHapter 1 & 2)
- www.CS50.tv
- Interview questions
- projecteuler.com

Commit message:

adding TickSpec and Fake integration

README.md, after:

Sharp Beginnings
===============

Introduction to Computer Programming using F#, taught through weekly lunchbag sessions. Assignments and tests to come in the form of specflow acceptance tests.

Please keep in mind that this is a course for beginners.

For Windows users, please follow theses instructions [here](http://fsharp.org/use/windows/). Once your system is setup, to build test your assignments, run the command:
```bash
fake.bat
```

For Unix (Ubuntu, Mac OSX, etc), please follow these instructions [here](http://fsharp.org/use/mac/). Once your system is setup, to build test your assignments, run the command:
```bash
./fake
```

Curriculum
---------------

*Note*: This is still in flux. More specflow/workshop assignments needed.

Part 1: Programming basics
- Numbers (integers, floating point numbers)
- Collections (Arrays, Tuples, List, Dictionary)
- Strings (String manipulation)
- Boolean logic (conditionals)
- Mutable vs Immutable
- Looping

Part 2: Applied F#
- Functions (Higher Order Functions)
- Pattern matching
- Type Providers (parsing JSON, CSV, other format)
- Network communication (REST, SOAP, WMQ)

Part 3: Testing with F#
- Unit Testing
- Testing a website: Canopy & TickSpec with F#
- Testing a SOAP endpoint
- Testing a Messaging endpoint
- Testing a REST endpoint
- Connecting to databases (Oracle, Sql Server)
- File I/O

Part 4: Advanced F#
- Recursion
- Currying
- FAKE (Make for F#)
- Threading
 
Workshop
---------

For Part 1:
- Sorting
- String Deduplication
- Fibonacci
- Christmas tree problem

Assignments
------------
- Fizz buzz
- Christmas tree problem

For assignments, look at:
- coursera scala classes
- SICP book (CHapter 1 & 2)
- www.CS50.tv
- Interview questions
- projecteuler.com
